feat:adds log export blueprints for folder and organization (#111)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-log-export: modules/logbucket/README.md

# Log Export: Storage destination submodule

> This submodule allows you to configure a Google Cloud Storage bucket destination that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This submodule allows you to configure a Logging Log bucket destination that
```

Author: ack

can be used by the log export created in the root module.

## Usage

The [examples](../../examples) directory contains directories for each destination, and within each destination directory are directories for each parent resource level. Consider the following
example that will configure a storage bucket destination and a log export at the project level:

```hcl
module "log_export" {
  source                 = "terraform-google-modules/log-export/google"
  destination_uri        = "${module.destination.destination_uri}"
  filter                 = "severity >= ERROR"
  log_sink_name          = "storage_example_logsink"
  parent_resource_id     = "sample-project"
  parent_resource_type   = "project"
  unique_writer_identity = true
}

module "destination" {

>   source                   = "terraform-google-modules/log-export/google//modules/storage"

Reviewer: Lets do a pass to ensure all docs are upto date for new module
```suggestion
  source                   = "terraform-google-modules/log-export/google//modules/logexport"
```
